README.md, before:

# Eldercare Project

author: Kamila Kolpashnikova

## Project Overview

Aging society and the burden of eldercare are one of the biggest challenges of the modern society. 

In this project, I estimate how many person-hours the eldercare will cost us, when the number of caregivers rises from today's level to 50% of the population (estimated to reach in 2100), and if the level of caregivers reaches 80% (hypothetical only).

## Data

Data is from the Bureau of Labor Statistics, which can be downloaded (from multiple files) from this link: ['ATUS Data Link'](https://www.bls.gov/tus/data.htm).

## Repo Files and Folders

- WranglingATUS.ipynb -- contains jupyter notebook with steps for wrangling ATUS data files
- WranglingATUS.html -- same file in the .html format
- Django_app -- all files for the Django app used for the project

## Packages Used:

- altair==4.1.0
- asgiref==3.4.1
- astroid==2.6.6
- attrs==21.2.0
- Django==3.2.6
- django-debug-toolbar==3.2.1
- entrypoints==0.3
- isort==5.9.3
- Jinja2==3.0.1
- jsonschema==3.2.0
- lazy-object-proxy==1.6.0
- MarkupSafe==2.0.1
- mccabe==0.6.1
- numpy==1.21.1
- pandas==1.3.1
- pylint==2.9.6
- pyrsistent==0.18.0
- python-dateutil==2.8.2
- pytz==2021.1
- six==1.16.0
- sqlparse==0.4.1
- toml==0.10.2
- toolz==0.11.1
- wrapt==1.12.1

## Temporary Hosting

[kamilakolpashnikova.com](http://kamilakolpashnikova.com/)

Runs on Chrome

Commit message:

added explanation of the data and which data files were combined for the project

README.md, after:

# Eldercare Project

author: Kamila Kolpashnikova

## Project Overview

Aging society and the burden of eldercare are one of the biggest challenges of the modern society. 

In this project, I estimate how many person-hours the eldercare will cost us, when the number of caregivers rises from today's level to 50% of the population (estimated to reach in 2100), and if the level of caregivers reaches 80% (hypothetical only).

## Data

Data is from the Bureau of Labor Statistics, which can be downloaded (from multiple files) from this link: ['ATUS Data Link'](https://www.bls.gov/tus/data.htm).

ATUS data is separated into multiple datasets, which were combined in this project. Particularly, the project uses:
- [activity file]('https://www.bls.gov/tus/special.requests/atusact-0320.zip')
- [eldercare file]('https://www.bls.gov/tus/special.requests/atusrostec-1120.zip'). This helps to identify eldecare givers.
- [respondent file]('https://www.bls.gov/tus/special.requests/atusresp-0320.zip'). This file contains survey weights that were used to weigh the diaries.
- [summary file]('https://www.bls.gov/tus/special.requests/atussum-0320.zip'). This file contains demographic information such as age and diary day information such as day of the week, which were used to subset the data. The analyses are done for the subsample of those who are of 20-65 years of age and for weekdays.

## Repo Files and Folders

- WranglingATUS.ipynb -- contains jupyter notebook with steps for wrangling ATUS data files
- WranglingATUS.html -- same file in the .html format
- Django_app -- all files for the Django app used for the project

## Packages Used:

- altair==4.1.0
- asgiref==3.4.1
- astroid==2.6.6
- attrs==21.2.0
- Django==3.2.6
- django-debug-toolbar==3.2.1
- entrypoints==0.3
- isort==5.9.3
- Jinja2==3.0.1
- jsonschema==3.2.0
- lazy-object-proxy==1.6.0
- MarkupSafe==2.0.1
- mccabe==0.6.1
- numpy==1.21.1
- pandas==1.3.1
- pylint==2.9.6
- pyrsistent==0.18.0
- python-dateutil==2.8.2
- pytz==2021.1
- six==1.16.0
- sqlparse==0.4.1
- toml==0.10.2
- toolz==0.11.1
- wrapt==1.12.1

## Temporary Hosting

[kamilakolpashnikova.com](http://kamilakolpashnikova.com/)

Runs on Chrome
